Boss Chen is really young and
I didn't see it just now, it's still surnamed Haihan
Where? Where?
Boss Song, I bought all these villas
procedures
For other questions, please arrange it ASAP.
Definitely. Definitely.
Thank you very much, Boss Chen, for taking care of the patient business.
Ouch, Zhang Qianqian
How can he be that local dog with a monthly salary of 3,000?
It should be the boss of Embarrassing Entertainment
You are kidding me!
I-I don't know.
He was indeed Changgou from our factory before.
How did you become a big boss?
Now.
We can fulfill the agreement
Haha, Mr. Chen!
I have no eyes
I don't know Tarzan
You are not as good as a villain
Cut me some slack.
Mr. Chen, I have no intention of offending you. Please forgive me.
To the entrance of the real estate center
1,000 800 per person, don't leave if you can't finish it.
And you.
Let's go together
Boss, go away
Come on.
I know you have money
But I didn't expect you to be so rich
What is this?
Boss Zhang, the contract is all over, there is no problem.
Please also sign
I said this is what I gave to Xiaoya.
Get him to sign